[Screaming]
[Panting, Whimpering]
[Doorknob Rattling]
Leo! Leo! Come on. Get up. Let's go.
Come on.
No! Baby, come on. No.
[Gasps]
[Screams]
No.
[Whimpering]
Help me.
- No!
- [Flesh Ripping]
[Leo Gasping]
[Pounding]
[Echoing]
Don't answer it.
There's a killer of women on the loose.
[Pounding Continues]
They caught that guy.
Threw him in the nuthouse.
At Briarcliff. He's in there with Lana.
I have to recant.
I'm recanting tomorrow.
That might be tough.
You signed a document.
I mean, not that anyone would blame you.
- I'm gonna be sick.
- [Pounding Continues]
Lois, don't.
You don't know who's out there.
[Door Opens]
[All]
Trick or treat!
- Check out the mass murderers, Barb.
- Is today Halloween?
Tomorrow. These little monsters are just
getting a jump on the competition.
[Crying]
I don't have any candy.
That's okay, Miss Peyser.
We'll come back tomorrow.
The job, the kids, Halloween...
Nothing makes sense without her.
I just hate myself.
Hey. You want me to stay over tonight?
No. I... I'll be okay.
[Sniffles] I just need a hot shower
and a good night's sleep.
And tomorrow, I'm gonna get her
out of that place.
You can say that you made a mistake.
You got scared
and you hit the panic button.
I have to get her out.
##[Pop]
[Woman]
# Wishin' and hopin' and thinkin' and prayin' #
- # Plannin' and dreamin' his kisses will start #
- [Shower Running]
- # That won't get you into his heart #
- [Wind Whistling]
# So if you're thinkin' of how great #
- # True love is #
- [Shower Off]
# All you got to do is #
# Hold him and kiss him
and squeeze him and love him #
# Yeah, just do it and after you do #
# You will be his #
- [Window Closes]
- # You will be his #
# You will be his ##
[Gasps]
No!
I'm... I'm a schoolteacher.
The children... they won't understand.
[Screams]
[Thunderclap]
- [Buzzer Sounds]
- [Clanking]
[Man]
Come on. Get up.
- [Knocking]
- Let's go. Come on.
[Man #2]
Everybody, up and out! Now!
- Get out of the bed.
- Come on. Stand out in the hall.
[Inmates Shrieking, Groaning]
- [Man] Right there.
- [Knocking]
Room search, Miss Winters.
We find it keeps our charges honest.
Food violation.
Oh, Pepper.
Now tell me, why is it we don't
allow food in the rooms?
- Rats!
- That's right, Pepper.
Why can't you get that through
your pointy little head? Huh?
Hey, Sister.
I have a cucumber in my room.
But not because I was hungry.
Stifle yourself, Shelley.
I'll be with you in a minute.
- Find anything, Frank?
- No. Looks clean to me.
Check the pillowcase.
- [Sighs]
- [Frank] Uh-huh.
Here we are.
[Chuckles]
What do we have here?
"October 28.
Strip-searched and deloused.
Denied phone call."
Who would you like to call, Miss Winters?
- The American Civil Lesbians Union?
- [Chuckles]
My editor knows I came here
to write a story...
and, boy, do I have
a great scoop for him now.
Ah, yes. You know, I've read your columns
about baked beans...
gallivanting geese
who lost their way home.
Riveting.
Too bad your ambition
outweighs your talent.
I don't need those, Sister.
I have an excellent memory.
Yeah?
We'll see about that.
- [Knocking]
- [Door Opens]
Ah. Sister Jude.
Always a pleasure to lay
one's eyes on your sunny visage.
- We have a problem.
- The little sapphic reporter?
Yes. I noticed she'd been giving you fits.
I believe that her memories
are her worst enemy.
They're terrorizing her,
impeding repentance.
So you would like to help
erase some of them.
Bring her a little peace of mind. Correct.
Is electroshock therapy
something you would suggest?
My.
That is quite a turnaround, Sister.
The last time I suggested
electroshock therapy...
you accused me
of being a sadistic barbarian.
- I've prayed about it.
- Mm-hmm.
When I wasn't praying for you...
to find a halfway decent haberdasher.
And I came to the understanding
that this therapy...
is just another tool
in his bountiful tool chest.
- Hmm.
- [Lana] Get them off. Help me.
Help me! Please let me go. Help!
[Screams]
Get off! Get off of me!
This woman is a kidnapper.
She's a kidnapper.
She blackmailed my lover
into committing me.
Please help me!
I don't belong here! Get me out of here!
You're right. She is a noisy one.
Help me!
[Muffled Whimpering]
[Electricity Humming]
Given your interest, Sister,
perhaps you'd like to assist.
Just hold these by her temple.
You're not squeamish, are you?
[Whimpering Continues]
- [Powering Up]
- Sister.
- [Electricity Crackling]
- [Moaning]
- [Crackling Stops]
- [Moaning Continues]
[Man]
Shh. Shh.
[Moaning Quiets]
##[Woman Singing "Dominique"In French]
- [Man] Whoa. Whoa. Where you going?
- ##[Continues]
Gentlemen.
I can handle it from here. Thank you.
Mr. Walker, Dr. Oliver Thredson.
[Thredson]
Patient is 24 years old.
- All right if I call you Kit?
- Sure.
- [Exhales]
- Completed grades "K"through 12.
No higher education.
Patient is believed responsible
for the murders of multiple women...
including his wife.
Seems unreasonable to me...
that a man should be denied
the right to smoke.
Victim's bodies were discovered
in a remote field... drained of blood, decapitated.
The murders may have started
as a purging of racial guilt...
at what his conditioning
would have viewed as an illicit coupling.
Do you know why I'm here, Kit?
You're the headshrinker
the courts sent to see if I'm crazy.
If you say I am,
they leave me here to rot...
and if you say I'm not,
they put me on trial and then fry me.
- Patient is manipulative.
- [Typing]
Trouble is...
I'm not crazy.
- And I didn't kill those ladies.
- What about your wife?
Alma's not dead.
That body didn't have a head.
None of the bodies had heads, Kit.
Initially, you told
police that you were...
I know what I said!
But it wasn't Alma.
See, I know that now,
'cause I'm starting to remember.
And I saw her.
After they took her, she was alive.
- "They"?
- [Door Closes]
The men from outer space?
They have her.
[Typing]
Diagnosis. Acute clinical insanity.
[Typewriter Carriage Resets]
- [Rustling]
- [Gasps]
Dr. Arden, you're like a shadow.
How is my favorite little helper today?
They had quite the ferocious
appetite last night.
- Do you hear them?
- No.
Expected to find the basket
torn to pieces.
Please, Doctor. You must tell me...
What are these creatures?
All in good time.
You haven't said anything
to Sister Jude, now have you?
No, of course not. It's our secret.
Good.
A small token of my gratitude.
Oh.
Candy apple.
Looks delicious, but...
- Mmm. I can't.
- [Replaces Lid]
Go ahead. Have a bite.
Oh, Sister. Life is too short for regrets.
Take a taste.
No. I really shouldn't.
Sister Jude says sweets lead to sin.
I said... take a taste.
[Chuckles]
##[Woman Singing "Dominique"In French]
[Electricity Crackling]
- [Whimpering]
- [Crackling Continues]
- ##[Continues]
- [Door Opens]
[Crackling Continues]
[Grace] Did you do what I said?
Did you toss your shit at him?
- Did you at least spit at him?
- I can't do it.
I can't fake crazy.
What I need to do
is escape this place now...
before he files that report
and I'm screwed.
There is no escape.
I gave you your way out.
Think. Think hard.
There's got to be a way out of this place.
I need to find Alma.
What about the bakery?
Aren't there delivery vans?
[Grace] How does that work? You disguise
yourself as a giant loaf of pumpernickel?
Sister Jude.
I'm Dr. Oliver Thredson.
Ah, the court-appointed psychiatrist.
You've seen our killer of women,
I trust.
So what's it gonna be?
We gonna spare the taxpayers
the expense of a trial...
or will I have a bed opening up?
I haven't made a determination yet.
Might we speak privately
about the conditions here?
Conditions?
What conditions might those be?
In just the short time that I've been here,
I have witnessed appalling things:
- [Blows Landing]
- abuse-
- [Electricity Crackling]
- [Muffled] Help me!
Malpractice.
- Candidly, I'm shocked.
- It's a madhouse, Doctor.
What did you expect?
I expected some form
of treatment, therapy.
Sister, your hospital still administers
electroshock therapy to treat homosexuality.
It's barbaric. Behavior modification
is the current standard.
Tomato, "tomahto."
You know, Dr. Thredson,
let me remind you.
Your job here is
to write a recommendation to the court...
regarding the sanity of one patient.
So I suggest you do your job
and let me do mine.
[Door Opens, Closes]
Now if you'll excuse me...
there's another unfortunate family
who requires our care.
Jed's been a good boy.
He's always listened.
He's never talked back.
Our problem started a month ago...
Mrs. Potter, you needn't worry.
Good boys gone bad
is my area of expertise.
I've had great success in curbing
the chronic masturbator.
[Door Opens]
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt.
We haven't finished
our conversation, Sister Jude.
I didn't realize you had company.
I'm Dr. Thredson, psychiatrist here.
I'm at your service.
You need to leave, Doctor.
Sister Jude, please.
Our boy is troubled.
- We could use a doctor's opinion.
- [Sighs]
- [Thredson] How can I help?
Jed just turned 17.
Over the last month,
he's grown listless and moody.
Sometimes he doesn't
get up from bed for days.
And then, the next moment,
it's like someone tied a live wire to his body.
Adolescence can be a time
of conflict and rebellion.
No, Doctor. Jed... sees things.
He hears voices that aren't there.
I'm afraid he'll bring us harm.
Yesterday, we heard terrible cries
coming from the barn.
[Screeching]
When I got there,
I found Jed covered in blood...
Speaking a language
no one could understand.
[Shouting]
Then I saw what he had done.
He had ripped open the belly
of our best Guernsey.
- Jed?
- [Roars]
Ate her heart.
It was unholy. It was...
It was like some thing...
had stepped inside my boy's body
and taken over his soul.
Nothing?
For a man whose profession
relies on talk, talk, talk...
you appear to be at a loss
for words, Doctor.
I... I would need to see him
in order to provide an accurate diagnosis.
- We brought him here.
- Let's go see the boy now.
Dr. Thredson.
You are but a guest in our institution.
Don't wear out your welcome the first day.
[Growling]
[Whimpering]
Mother, where am I? I'm scared.
This is a hospital.
Doctors are here to help you.
- [Croaking]
- Jed?
[Switch Clicks]
- [Roars]
- [Gasps]
[Whimpers]
[Speaking Unknown Language]
Jed needs to be immediately medicated.
[Continues In Unknown Language]
No, Doctor.
That's not what this boy needs.
[Lana Breathing Heavily]
This hurts my burns.
[Grace]
The harder you fight, the hotter it feels.
[Lana]
What are you doing under there?
Colonel Mustard
in the library with the wrench.
I like the view from this window.
All the bare trees, bleak and beautiful.
Do you ever dream of escaping?
[Scoffs]
All you new people.
There is no way out.
- What if I said I know a way?
- You'd be full of shit.
There's a tunnel. It's real.
I came in through it.
Wow. They really messed with your mind.
What meds are you on?
I need someone to help me
pull off an escape.
But nobody else can know.
- We'd have to take Kit.
- Absolutely not.
He's a vicious murderer.
They can make you believe anything.
There have been plenty of killers here.
Kit's not one of them.
He can't come.
That's my line in the sand.
[Sighs]
You have trouble trusting people, yes?
You would too...
if the person you loved
most in the world betrayed you...
threw you away forever.
I know what that's like.
I saw you flirting with
Our Lady of Perpetual Virginity.
You want to see my candy apple?
Get your filthy hands off me.
[Exhales]
Come on, Doc.
Bend me over a bread rack
and pound me into shape.
You're a dirty little slut
with a poisonous tongue.
[Moans]
I just want to go outside
for 15 minutes in the sun. Please.
I just want to feel the sun on my skin.
I'll do anything.
No.
Whores get nothing.
Men like sex.
No one calls them whores.
I hate that word. It's so ugly!
I'm into pleasure...
ever since I was five years old...
and I slipped my fingers inside
for the very first time.
I could do it all day.
My mother made me wear mittens to bed.
- Because you're a little slut.
- No.
Because she didn't understand me.
So I ran away from home, met some
jazz musicians, real freethinkers.
I fell in love with the bass player.
Big mistake.
As soon as he put a ring on my finger,
I was his property.
He could screw every Betty in town...
and I had to stay home
and scrub his dirty drawers.
So come fleet week...
he gets home and finds me
in bed with two navy guys.
And I told him,
"It's not for self, but for country."
He decked me flat out...
threw me in the car
and locked me in a nuthouse.
And the sickest part is, they let him.
Because I like sex. That's my crime.
Am I supposed to be moved
by that pathetic tale of woe?
Please.
I'm just asking
for five minutes in the sun.
A little fresh air.
You make me sick.
Whore.
[Car Engine Off]
In my estimation, the county hospital...
might be better equipped
to treat your son.
They already called in the specialist.
[Metal Clattering]
Mr. And Mrs. Potter...
are you aware what kind of
specialist is on his way here?
The monsignor explained
the situation to us.
[Sister Jude]
I've instructed Sister Mary Eunice...
to observe lights-out at 7:00.
Excuse me.
I will not tolerate tomfoolery
from the residents tonight.
[Monsignor Howard]
A wise precaution, Sister.
- Monsignor.
- Ah.
- This must be...
- The tiresome Dr. Thredson.
Dr. Thredson. Sister Jude was just
sharing with me your concern.
It is 1964, for God's sake.
An exorcism? You can't be serious.
The times may have changed, Doctor,
but the nature of evil has not.
You expect me to stand by
as some witch doctor comes in here...
Stand by? On the contrary, Doctor.
What I expect is for you to assist.
I beg your pardon?
You may view us
as backward and barbaric...
but the church requires a licensed
physician to be present at all exorcisms.
As a psychiatrist,
you're also a medical doctor.
But you're mistaken if you think
that by making me an accomplice to this...
I won't report what I've seen here.
An unbeliever. Good.
I like having one in the room.
Ups me game.
##[Woman Singing "Dominique"In French]
- You're asking for it.
- I have to write it down or I'll forget.
Then you better tell me now, Lana.
Before you forget,
tell me where the tunnel is.
No.
We go together. That's the only way.
And not a word to him. That's my deal.
- There you go.
- What the hell are you doing?
[Man]
Okay, everybody. Let's go.
Sister Jude wants everyone
to get an extra good night's sleep...
so the common room is closing early.
Thank you,
but give me back my notes.
What's the matter? Don't you trust me?
Come on. Let's go!
- No woman should trust you.
- Come on. Up and at 'em. Move your feet.
They can't find these on you.
- Let's go! [Clapping]
- [Men Shouting]
[Inmates Shrieking, Shouting]
Go to bed!
- [Door Closes]
- No!
[Shrieking]
[Man]
Stop. Hey, hey.
Come on. Walk.
[Shouting, Indistinct]
[Man]
Move your feet.
- [Whimpering]
- [Priest] Make it tight.
No. Please, no. Stop, please!
- Make it tight now!
- No!
You're hurting me.
Why are you hurting me?
- Don't listen to it. The demon is a liar.
- Stop.
If it speaks to you, do not answer.
Just do your job.
God, this boy's pulse
is almost nonexistent.
[Roars]
- Prayer book, Sister.
- [Jed Hissing]
- [Groaning]
- Your work here is done, my daughter.
Go sit with the parents.
This is no place for a woman.
I'm stronger than you think.
The Potters will be needing
some of that strength.
Godspeed, Sister Jude.
- [Jed Cackling]
- [Priest Reading Rituals]
Yes, Father.
[Unknown Language]
All right, gentlemen.
It's time to do God's work.
[Babbling]
[Cackling Continues]
##[Piano. Instrumental]
[Doorbell Rings]
Stanley?
- May I?
- Oh.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
Are we having dinner?
You only booked me for an hour and a half.
Actually, I find the anticipation...
far more erotic than the act itself.
[Laughs]
I find a big cock even more erotic.
If you're going to be vulgar...
I'd just as soon you not speak at all.
##[Continues]
I'm sorry.
I can be classy, if you want.
It's just that most men like
to hear me talk dirty.
Of all the composers
from the Romantic era...
- I love Chopin the most.
- Oh.
- Are you familiar with this waltz?
- No.
"Les Adieux."
It was inspired by
his childhood sweetheart...
who refused his hand in marriage.
##[Continues]
- Can you hear the longing?
- Oh. Yes.
To us. To... an evening of romance.
To us.
This is a Château Saint-Estéphe...
one of the finest bottles
of cabernet sauvignon...
you will ever taste in your entire life.
Yes, well...
You'll have to forgive me, Stan.
I have to keep my wits about me.
I don't drink alcohol on dates,
and I don't kiss, not on the mouth.
Hey.
What do you say... I dance for you?
Come on, Stan.
I can really shake it
if you've got something with a beat.
You... will sit down.
In your line of work...
must have been frightening
meeting strange men...
what with a killer on the loose,
skinning and decapitating women.
[Chuckles]
A great weight must have been lifted...
now that he's been captured
and you're perfectly safe.
- [Speaking Latin]
- [Monsignor Howard Praying]
[Speaking Unknown Language]
- [Cackling]
- [Prayer Continues]
Heart rate increasing.
Blood pressure rising.
Oliver. Look at you.
I see what you've become,
and I'm glad I gave you up.
[Cackling]
- Don't listen to it, Doctor.
- [Echoing] Lose your place, old man?
[Monsignor Howard]
We honor you in Jesus Christ...
Stick it up your ass, Father!
- [Priest Speaking Latin]
- [Jed Babbling]
"Every impure spirit." Yes. We've already
heard that bit. Now skip ahead.
[Guttural Voice]
You're boring the hell out of me.
- [Latin]
- [Jed Cackling]
And the Lord said to the cripple...
"Take up thy bed and fly!"
[Screams]
[Monsignor Howard]
Father Malachi!
[Cackling Continues, Echoing]
Hail Mary, full of grace.
Blessed art thou amongst women...
[Screaming, Faint]
Our boy. How's our boy?
He's fighting... very hard.
Sister Jude, will you join me?
We've taken Father Malachi
to the infirmary.
I may have to say last rites.
- [Grunting]
- Watch over him. I'll be back.
And pray, Sister. Speak only to God.
[Electricity Crackling]
[Screaming]
I can't see!
It burns! I can't see!
Mommy, please! Somebody!
Somebody help me!
[Sobbing]
Please! I can't see!
Please! Someone help me!
[Sobbing Continues]
Somebody help me...
[Guttural Voice]
It drives you crazy, doesn't it?
To be the smartest person in the room...
with no real power because of that
smelly clam between your legs.
- [Doorknob Rattling]
- [Laughing]
That's why you became a whore,
isn't it, Sister?
You're wearing red knickers right now.
Oh, come on, Sister.
Put me in your mouth.
You've had 53 cocks in there already.
You were the town pump,
weren't you, Sister?
# A little bit later on #
# Just wait and you'll see #
# How lonely you'll be #
# A little bit later on ##
Come, boys.
Who wants to dance with me?
[Laughing]
- [Man] That a boy.
- [Exhales]
Oh. Hello, soldier.
[Woman]
You boys want some cigarettes?
Take me home.
I can't.
The baby's sleeping.
In the name of Jesus Christ,
strengthened by the intercession...
[Normal Voice] Tell me
about the little girl in blue, Judy.
The young girl, the innocent.
And you so drunk,
you couldn't find your way home.
[Cackling]
[Woman On Radio]
# Give me eastern trimmin'
where women are women #
# In high silk hose
and peek-a-boo clothes #
- [Tires Screech]
- [Gasps]
# In buttons and bows #
- Oh, my God.
- # Buttons and bows #
# Buttons and bows #
[Men] # Frills and flowers
and buttons and bows #
# And rings and things
and buttons and bows ##
[Gasping]
You never even bothered
to get out of the car.
You are a murderer, Judy.
You're a murderer!
Murderer! Murderer!
Shut up! You shut up!
- Shut up! Liar!
- [Slapping]
- Hit me harder.
- No!
[Monsignor Howard]
Don't listen to him!
That's right, Father.
Protect your whore.
It's you she thinks of when
she touches herself at night.
- You're a liar!
- [Cackles] Oh, yes.
- Protect your whore. [Laughing]
- [Screaming]
I was weak.
I'll purge the demon myself.
Go. Be with the parents. Go.
Little piggy, come out and play.
Lord Jesus Christ...
[Electricity Crackling]
[Shouting, Faint]
[Jed Cackling, Groans]
There's no more time for prayers, Monsignor.
His heart can't handle it.
- Help him! Help him now!
- We'll sedate him!
- [Monsignor Howard] Do it!
- [Screams]
[Generator Powering Down]
[Rattling]
[Alarm Wailing]
[Alarm Continues Wailing]
- What's happening?
- I don't know.
It's a power failure?
This is our chance.
[Grunting]
- [Roars]
- [Sister Mary Eunice] Sister Jude!
Sister Jude. There's trouble in the wards.
[Groans, Choking]
Something's wrong.
He's in cardiac arrest.
What?
[Lana]
I think it's just through that door.
[Kit]
Grace.
Come on.
Lana knows a way out.
No. He can't come with us.
Get away from us.
I read what you wrote about me.
I'm not a killer or a psychopath.
You're a liar. Get away from us.
Stop. I'm not leaving without him.
I am not setting him loose
so he can kill again.
You're wrong.
We'll go find the way out ourselves.
[Man Shouting, Indistinct]
Help!
He's escaping! The killer is escaping!
Help me! In the hallway!
He's trying to get out!
[Alarm Continues Wailing]
[Man]
Come on.
- [Grunting]
- [Grace] Stop! Let go!
- Stop! No! Stop it!
- [Thredson Panting]
- [Monsignor Howard] Have mercy on his soul.
May the Lord who frees you from sin
save you and embrace you.
[Continues, Indistinct]
[Gasps]
[Thredson Muttering] ...three, four,
five, six, seven, eight, nine...
He's dead.
[Rumbling]
[Rumbling Continues]
- [Body Thuds]
- Sister?
- Almost ready.
- Is that trashy makeup gone?
Clean as a virgin.
[Chuckles]
##[Piano. Instrumental]
[Gasps]
- Oh.
- What is taking you so long?
[Whispers]
Holy shit.
I'm just... I'm...
[Gasps]
I told you not to touch anything.
You don't have to pay me.
I just have to get the money... [Gasps]
You're not going anywhere, Sister.
Now, pick those up and go lie on the bed.
No!
- I told you...
- [Whimpers]
To lie on the bed.
Did you take off your panties
like I asked you?
Slowly.
Show me your mossy bank.
[Whimpers]
- No!
- [Biting]
[Grunts, Groans]
[Screams]
[Groans]
- [Indistinct]
- [Mrs. Potter Crying]
[Shrieks]
[Sobbing, Wailing]
Shh, shh, shh.
No!
- [Inhales Sharply]
- Oh.
I'm so sorry, Sister.
I didn't mean to frighten you.
I was only trying to protect your modesty.
No. You could never frighten me, Doctor.
You make me feel safe.
I heard about your f-fainting spell.
- I wish I could have been there.
- I did ask for you.
But I know how busy you are...
saving lives.
Yes.
Well, I'm here now,
with strict instructions...
rest and relaxation.
But what about the creatures?
Forgive me. It's a bit disconcerting
to see you out of costume.
Oh.
I'm sorry, Doctor.
I would hate to distract you
from the important work of the day.
[Chuckles]
Don't be silly.
To me, the human body is nothing more
than a complex machine.
Like a clock, full of...
cogs and sprockets.
Now, uh, you try to get some rest.
I'll check back
with the nurse in a few hours.
[Woman Screaming, Faint]
Are you going to cane me?
If so, can we get on with it?
Now, why would I cane you?
I've learned to assume the worst.
[Sighs]
It was a long night for all of us...
a lesson in the power of Satan.
One can never let one's guard down.
Until last night, I considered you
a corrupt little opportunist.
But God always surprises me.
I know what it took
for you to call the orderlies.
Couldn't have been easy,
but you did it anyway...
and for that, you deserve
something special.
Open the door. Go ahead.
Open the door and see your treat.
Bring 'em in.
These two didn't show your courage
and wisdom and, as such, will be punished.
Your reward is... you will not.
You're so twisted.
Don't make me change my mind,
Miss Lana Banana.
Which of these would you like to see
on our Grace's bare behind...
and which one on our doe-eyed
James Dean copycat?
Go ahead. Pick one.
Oh, come on, Miss Winters.
Live large.
I'm so sorry, Grace.
Screw you, Judas bitch.
Stand up, Grace. Stand up.
I'm the guilty one here,
Sister. She was a pawn.
She's not the one who deserves
to be punished. I am.
She was just trying to help a friend,
a desperate friend.
He seems to think...
you're just one big scoop
of melting strawberry ice cream.
[Chuckles]
Go stand over there.
So that was 20 lashes each.
So that makes 40 for you, Sir Galahad.
- [Cane Strikes]
- [Grunts]
[Loud Strike]